1. we use only single redux to store all the data
    each store inside redux has different slices of data. like, cart slice, user slice, theme slice etc.

2. our components cannot directly modify the store.
    we need to dispatch an action to modify the store.
    This action will call a reducer function which will modify the slice of the store.

3. We can use selector to read the data from the redux store and use it in our components.

4. using selector means subscribing to the store. 
    so whenever the store changes, the selector will be called again.

5.npm i @reduxjs/toolkit
    this is a package which will help us to write redux code in a simpler way.
    this is core of redux. its job is to maintain the store.

6.npm i react-redux
    this package will help us to connect our react app with redux store.
    it is a kind of bridge between react and redux.

7. We use Provider component from react-redux package to connect our react app with redux store.
    we wrap our entire app inside Provider component and pass the store as a prop to Provider component.

8. RTK is called redux toolkit.

9. Reducers function takes two arguments.
    1. state - this is the current state of the store. in case of first time, it will be the initial state.
    2. action - this is the data which is coming in.

10. We use configureStore function from RTK to create a store.
    we pass an object to configureStore function.
    this object has a property called reducer.
    we pass all the reducers to this property.

11. We use createSlice function from RTK to create a slice of the store.
    we pass an object to createSlice function.
    this object has three properties.
    1. name - name of the slice.
    2. initialState - initial state of the slice.
    3. reducers - this is an object which has all the reducer functions for this slice.

12. We use useDispatch hook from react-redux package to dispatch an action.
    we call this hook inside our component and store it in a variable.
    we call this variable as dispatch.
    we call dispatch function and pass an action to it.

13. We use useSelector hook from react-redux package to read data from the store.
    we call this hook inside our component and store it in a variable.
    we call this variable as selector.
    we call selector function and pass a function to it.
    this function will receive the current state of the store as an argument.
    this function will return the data which we want to read from the store.